Improve library manager option docs (#13)
arduino/arduino-lint-action: README.md

#### Supported values

- `submit` - Also run additional checks required to pass before a library is accepted for inclusion in the index.

> - `update`- Also run additional checks required to pass before an update to a library is accepted.

Reviewer: Thanks! That was a copy/paste error on my part.
```suggestion
- `update`- Also run additional rules required to pass before new releases of a library already in the index are accepted.
```
I think this explanation from the [Arduino Lint command line help](https://arduino.github.io/arduino-lint/latest/commands/arduino-lint/#options) is a little bit more clear.

Author: Agreed, I was trying to abbreviate https://arduino.github.io/arduino-lint/latest/#library-manager-setting
